README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hey, I'm Christian</h1>
<h3 align="center">AI Systems Engineer | Reinforcement Learning Developer | Founder @ Three Rivers Tech</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=zzzero-hash&label=Visitors&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="profile views" />
</p>

---

### 🧠 About Me

I design, build, and deploy **intelligent systems** — from containerized **reinforcement learning agents** and GPU-accelerated training pipelines to secure distributed compute infrastructure. My work sits at the intersection of **AI**, **networking**, and **systems architecture**, with a focus on real-world deployments and automation.

My projects include:

- 🤖 Developing scalable RL pipelines with **Ray RLlib**, **PyTorch**, and GPT-powered decision engines  
- ☸️ Orchestrating workloads across **Kubernetes**, **K3s**, and **Proxmox** clusters with GPU acceleration  
- 🧠 Experimenting with **meta-learning**, **EWC**, and hybrid **Transformer-LSTM** models  
- 🧩 Building **microservices**, automated pipelines, and self-healing container ecosystems  
- 🛡️ Designing secure, high-availability networks and edge infrastructure  

I’m obsessed with **scalability**, **automation**, and **teaching AI to reason** — not just predict.

---

### 🏢 About Three Rivers Tech

I’m also the founder of **[Three Rivers Tech](https://www.three-rivers-tech.com)** — a growing startup in western Pennsylvania focused on helping **small businesses and local communities** harness modern technology.  

Right now, we provide **IT support**, **network design**, **cybersecurity**, and **software development**. Our long-term goal: evolve into a regional hub for **AI-powered infrastructure**, **edge compute services**, and **intelligent automation solutions** — bringing cutting-edge tech to the kinds of organizations that usually can’t access it.

---

### 📚 Current Areas of Focus

- 🧪 Multi-agent RL and decision fusion  
- 📈 Real-time feature pipelines and AI-driven trading systems  
- ☁️ Hybrid cloud + on-prem orchestration for distributed compute  
- 💼 Secure containerized services for small businesses  
- 🔌 Monetization of edge compute (Akash, Flux, Storj, etc.)

---

### 💬 Ask Me About

- 🐧 Linux, containers, and virtualization  
- ☸️ Kubernetes, automation, and distributed systems  
- 🔐 Cybersecurity architecture and zero-trust design  
- 🤖 AI pipelines, model deployment, and inference scaling  
- 🌐 Web and infrastructure development for small businesses

---

### 📫 Connect With Me

- 📧 Personal: **christianpenrod@gmail.com**  
- 📧 Work: **cmp6510@psu.edu**  
- 💼 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/christian-penrod-800341215](https://linkedin.com/in/christian-penrod-800341215)  
- 🖥️ Company: [www.three-rivers-tech.com](https://www.three-rivers-tech.com)  
- 💬 Discord: `arcticcomet#2564`

---

### 🛠️ Languages & Tools

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Python"/>
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="PyTorch"/>
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="TensorFlow"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Docker"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/kubernetes/kubernetes-plain-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Kubernetes"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Linux"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Bash"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="C++"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Java"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sqlite/sqlite-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="SQLite"/>
</p>

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p>
  <img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=zzzero-hash&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

<p>
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=zzzero-hash&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="GitHub Stats" />
</p>

---

💡 *Fun fact:* When I’m not training agents or building clusters, I’m probably modding a game server, designing a flower shop interior, or turning old hardware into something useful. The projects never stop.

Commit message:

Revise README with updated profile and interests
Updated personal and professional information in README, including new roles and focus areas.

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">👋 Hey, I'm Christian</h1>
<h3 align="center">Help Desk Support Technician | IT Systems Engineer | Reinforcement Learning Enthusiast | Founder @ Three Rivers Tech</h3>

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=zzzero-hash&label=Visitors&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="profile views" />
</p>

---

### 🧠 About Me

I’m a systems-minded engineer who loves building technology that actually *does something useful*. My background is a mix of hands-on IT work, network architecture, and deep curiosity about how AI and automation can make infrastructure smarter.

I’ve spent **over 5 years working as a Help Desk Technician** at a university, solving real problems for real people — everything from network outages and endpoint failures to complex enterprise support tickets. That experience shaped the way I approach engineering: practical first, scalable second, and always with users in mind.

I hold a degree in **Cybersecurity Analytics & Operations from Penn State Greater Allegheny**, which gave me a strong foundation in security principles, network design, and risk management — skills I now use daily as I branch deeper into systems automation and machine learning.

---

### 🏢 Three Rivers Tech

I’m also the founder of **[Three Rivers Tech](https://www.three-rivers-tech.com)**, a small but growing tech startup based in western Pennsylvania. Right now, we focus on:

- 💻 Local IT support & troubleshooting  
- 🛜 Small business network design and security  
- 🧰 Software & web development  
- 🧑‍🏫 Community tech education and workshops  

The long-term vision is to evolve Three Rivers Tech into a hub for **intelligent infrastructure**, **edge computing**, and **AI-assisted services** — making advanced tools accessible to small businesses and local communities.

---

### ⚙️ What I’m Working On

- 🤖 Building reinforcement learning pipelines with **PyTorch** and **Ray RLlib**  
- ☸️ Orchestrating containerized workloads across **Kubernetes**, **K3s**, and **Proxmox** clusters  
- 🧩 Automating infrastructure deployments with microservices and inference pipelines  
- 🛡️ Designing secure, scalable environments with zero-trust principles

---

### 📚 Interests & Current Focus

- 🧠 Multi-agent RL and decision fusion  
- 📊 Real-time feature pipelines and AI-driven trading systems  
- ☁️ Hybrid cloud + on-prem orchestration for distributed compute  
- 🔌 Monetization of edge compute (Akash, Flux, Storj, etc.)

---

### 💬 Ask Me About

- 🐧 Linux systems, containerization, and virtualization  
- ☸️ Cluster automation, orchestration, and deployment pipelines  
- 🔐 Cybersecurity fundamentals and network architecture  
- 🤖 Building AI workflows and deploying ML models  
- 🌐 Software and infrastructure for small businesses

---

### 📫 Connect With Me

- 📧 Personal: **christianpenrod@gmail.com**  
- 📧 Work: **cmp6510@psu.edu**  
- 💼 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/christian-penrod-800341215](https://linkedin.com/in/christian-penrod-800341215)  
- 🖥️ Company: [www.three-rivers-tech.com](https://www.three-rivers-tech.com)  
- 💬 Discord: `arcticcomet#2564`

---

### 🛠️ Languages & Tools

<p align="left">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Python"/>
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/pytorch/pytorch-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="PyTorch"/>
  <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tensorflow/tensorflow-icon.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="TensorFlow"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/docker/docker-original-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Docker"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/kubernetes/kubernetes-plain-wordmark.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Kubernetes"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Linux"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/bash/bash-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Bash"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="C++"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/java/java-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="Java"/>
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/sqlite/sqlite-original.svg" width="40" height="40" alt="SQLite"/>
</p>

---

### 📊 GitHub Stats

<p>
  <img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs?username=zzzero-hash&show_icons=true&locale=en&layout=compact" alt="Top Languages" />
</p>

<p>
  <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=zzzero-hash&show_icons=true&locale=en" alt="GitHub Stats" />
</p>

---

💡 *Fun fact:* I love projects that start small and grow into something meaningful — whether that’s a new RL model, a home-lab cluster, or a neighborhood tech initiative.
